people from the black community and the
mother country can help there are
cameras and tape Ricardo but people from
the PIA crest is not allowed in here
with no cameras tape recorder or either
move the camera now it'll be something
now you'd be some long revolutionaries
in here that will be making films of
this you see and making tapes of did I
show how the things are okay so y'all
just bear with that on Friday September
4th the revolutionary people's
constitutional convention began a
four-day plenary session in Philadelphia
to begin the drafting of a new United
States Constitution over ten thousand
people mostly young about half white
converged on Temple University gymnasium
where mass meetings took place and the
Church of the Advocate an Episcopal
Church in the nearby North Philadelphia
ghetto where the conventions activities
were coordinated the Convention was
called and organized by a coalition of
radical groups led by the Black Panther
Party the atmosphere in Philadelphia as
the convention began was tense the
previous weekend the rash of apparently
unprovoked police shootings left one
Philadelphia patrolman dead and three
others wounded suspects in some of the
shootings were black two nights later
the three Philadelphia headquarters of
the Black Panther Party were raided by
police in search of illicit weapons and
in the accompanying gunfire three more
policemen were wounded
the headquarters were thoroughly
searched and furniture was taken from
the buildings by the police 14 panthers
were arrested and a group of them were
taken to the police station in order to
strip naked in the street outside to be
searched photographs of the search
appeared in newspapers nationwide and
tension in philadelphia Mounted Police
Commissioner Frank Rizzo known for his
tough law and order policies ordered the
panther offices restored but denied
having apologized for the raids as the
convention got underway a Philadelphia
judge issued an injunction restraining
the Philadelphia Police Department from
violating the constitutional rights of
the convention participants Police
Commissioner Rizzo said standard police
procedures were within the bounds
prescribed by the court injunction
throughout the convention the
Philadelphia Police remain skips Friday
was devoted to registration of delegates
at the Church of the Advocate an
organization of food and housing
arrangements
Temple University contributed the use of
its new gymnasium but no other
facilities were offered by or demanded
of the university security arrangements
by the Panthers were extensive cameras
and tape recorders were not permitted
inside the Church of the Advocate and
all parcels were searched for
confiscated at the entrance to the
church the first formal meeting of the
plenary session took place at the temple
gymnasium on Saturday afternoon it had
been scheduled for nine o'clock in the
morning but because of delays in setting
up the floor and the necessity to
thoroughly search all delegates who
entered the hall the meeting was delayed
until after noon the establishment press
was excluded completely the meeting was
devoted to an opening speech by Michael
de Bourgh of the New York
twenty-one de Bourgh spoke for over two
hours
holding the convention spellbound for
the duration of his address and
frequently being interrupted by cheers
and applause in his speech to war
outline the historical context of the
revolutionary people's constitutional
convention and enunciated most of the
political themes which were to dominate
the weekend the speech will be broadcast
in full on WBAI in the future for this
program it has been condensed to about
half its original length here then is
taped from the first session of the
revolutionary people's constitutional
convention plenary session introductory
speaker who will open things up Michel
de Boer I think it would be appropriate
at this time to say all power to the
people all power to the people
[Applause]
one of the problems in our society today
is that they are far too many people
they are far too many people who still
labor under the delusion that America is
a free and democratic society I don't
know it's a mind-blower it's a
mind-blower when you have tens of
millions of people in this society die
from starvation it's a mind blowing when
you have the government in the army of
this country dropping napalm bombs all
over the world it's a mind-blower when
people can be starving and dying every
day and then still people running around
talking about America is free that's a
mind-blower and we gotta straighten that
out we gotta straighten that out and
when we checked that phenomena out we
find that the primary reason why have so
many people feel that way while so many
people think that America is free is
because while we were in school while we
were in school we were fed a steady and
heavy diet of both issue insisting of
praise and glory or glorification we
will fare to die that said that America
is right on that America is the most
equitable Society that America is the
most humane and just society on the
planet when we were in school they told
us when you dig it when you think about
it when you think about it they told us
how the government is supposed the world
they told us about the anatomy of the
government but they didn't tell us how
it really works they didn't tell us
about the physiology of the government
they didn't tell us that this government
from it's very inception was never a
government of the people by the people
and for the people that from Jump Street
from the get-go it was a government of
the pigs by the pigs and for the pigs
and that the people that never had no
power in the society
when we objectively check out the facts
in the history of this country we find
that about 200 years ago a racist by the
name of Thomas Jefferson way back in
1776 sat down and wrote a document that
has gone down in history as being one of
the most eloquent and one of the most
our glorious documents ever formulated
ever drawn up and in that document it
asserts that all men have an inalienable
right to life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness and goes on to say and that
was a hell of a wolf ticket at that time
that was a hell of a wolf ticket it was
a hell of a wolf ticket because the
individuals who said it at that time
constituted nothing but a two-bit are
two-bit in a chump ass colony and they
were being dominated they were being
oppressed by the so-called British
Empire headed by King George so not only
did they sell a wolf take it to the
effect that every man has a right to all
determine the cause of his own destiny
but they went on to say that whenever
whenever any form of government comes
down foul
when they begin misusing when they begin
exploiting when they begin oppressing
the people and when they show beyond a
doubt all contradiction that they have
no intention of writing those wrongs
than the people have a right to off them
too awful that's what it says
but when we check out that document
further and we wave that document
against the reality of the situation of
that child we find that back in 1775
when it was hooked up they said all men
were created equal all men were created
equal now a lot of people never gave
that no thought but the fact of the
matter is black people at that time
weren't considered people at all
we were property we were property women
weren't considered people at all and
didn't say nothing about all men and all
women are created equal and just said
all men and just said all men
but even in that document their squad as
is kept one portion was left out in the
original draft there was a part that
went to the effect of King George was
guilty of transporting and enslaving a
people who had never done him any harm
and that was a crime against humanity
but the strangest thing happened when
that document the Declaration of
Independence was finally published that
part was an idiot that part was an
entity for a very good reason because
that indictment against King George made
by George Washington Thomas Jefferson
John Adams R James Madison Alexander
Hamilton in the rest of those page not
only was that a valid indictment against
King George but it was also a valid
indictment against the very individuals
who wrote it because they were slave
masters themselves so we see the
contradiction right there and so they
hooked up their document so they say
they had to be free they said it was
wrong to to be taxed without having
adequate representation they petitioned
they boycotted they even had a tea party
they were so cowardly in their tea party
that they didn't even take credit for
they were so racist that they blamed it
on the Indians finally and so often is
the case in history push came to show
push came to shove and there was no
denying any longer that in order for
them to be free they would have to go to
war they would have to fight so they
picked up the gun as a last resort and
they told the British Empire to come on
with it they ran down to us that they
fought nobly and they fought valiantly
that they were courageous but that was
they was punks because George
Washington for that whole war and
retreat
and the only reason the suckers was able
to win was because Holland France and
Spain declared war on England at the
same time and that's a hell of a
historical lesson because anytime we see
the time and time again in history we
saw it with Hitler we saw it with
Napoleon and we saw it back there during
the so-called American Revolutionary War
that you know no nation in the world can
fight more than war can fight walls on
several fronts and that's why they blew
because they was trying to take care of
business all over the world they were
trying to enslave and oppress people all
over the world and they got jammed so
okay they say to George and them chumps
won and then they went on back in then
it came up to 1787 and he sat down here
in this so-called city of brotherly love
brotherly love can you dig that
brotherly love how can there be any love
in a city where this fascist dog gives
orders to his police to raid the homes
and not only Black Panthers but brothers
and sisters off the street who were
helping in the registration for the
people here to come when he's given the
are when he gave the order to raid their
homes to shoot him down in cold blood to
drag him out of their homes and stand
them up against the wall and have him to
strip buck naked that reminds us of
slavery that reminds us of slavery he
told him the strip
how can there be any love in a city with
such inhuman and barbaric acts are
allowed to go unpunished if there's any
love here in the city at all it is
manifested right here in attendance in
the gymnasium a chunk of innovation this
is where the love is that this is rare
sad and so the founding father sat down
back in 1787 and they said they were
going to make a government they said
they were going to draw up a
constitution they saw they said they
were gonna make laws for people to live
by but when we check out that document
that they hooked up and when we check
out the personalities who were down with
the formulation in the drafting of the
Constitution we find that in actuality
they were not so freedom-loving they
were not so righteous they were not so
humane after all we find that the
founding fathers consisted of
individuals such as Alexander Hamilton
who referred to the masses of the people
as being the beasts we find that it
consisted of intervention individuals
who were so democratic and so
freedom-loving that they felt that the
Senators and the president should hold
their office forever we find that it
consisted of individuals like George
Washington whose documented as having
sold a slave for king of molasses we
find that it consisted of individuals
such as Thomas Jefferson who was
supposed to be the most freedom-loving
out of that whole bunch he was the most
freedom-loving and he was a slave master
so that's the type of individuals who
hooked up the government thus the type
of individuals who created the society
and who drafted the Constitution and
what were the positions of these
individuals were class that they come
from they were in slaves they couldn't
have been slaves because they owned
slaves they owned property too they
control the shipping they controlled the
industry they control every aspect in
every sector of the economy at that time
they were quite simply
the ruling class the ruling class and
when they sat down to draft that
document they had one thing in mind and
that was creating a society that would
enable them to protect their property
rights creating a society that will live
that would legalize their enslavement of
black people creating a society that
would enable them to create our army to
guarantee that the masses of the people
did not rip their stolen wealth off they
were all about creating a society not
based on freedom justice and equality
for the people but rather creating a
society that would enable the pigs to
perpetrate their madness throughout all
of this country when that document was
hooked up at that time in 1787 there
were approximately 600,000 black people
in this country there were approximately
300,000 Indians 300,000 because they had
off to over half of them by that time
there were approximately 240,000
indentured slaves or servants and there
were I don't know how many women and
none of those people none of them were
included in that document as a matter of
fact in the Constitution when it was
originally drawn up in three separate
sections the issue of slavery was dealt
with in one section the first one is
stated that black people would
constitute not a human being not a 100%
human being but rather three-fifths of a
man how can you be three-fifths of a man
they said we were three-fifths of a
human being and they figured they was
giving us a play at that because before
they sat down and did that we wasn't
considered no part of a human being
those Indians
those Indians had no rights whatsoever
the indention servants and the women had
no rights whatsoever that whole document
was about doing nothing other than just
being able to create a society where
they could rob steal plunder and just go
crazy and this is exactly what they did
it's interesting to note that it was not
until the Year 1791 that the pigs were
forced to sit down and include the
so-called Bill of Rights that section of
the Constitution which supposedly we got
to emphasize that supposedly supposedly
guarantees certain liberties to every
man woman and child who is a
of this country and guarantees that they
have a right to assemble and guarantees
that they have freedom of speech freedom
of the press it guarantees them the
right to bear arms and to defend their
homes against attackers it goes on to
point out that they cannot be arrested
and thrown into jail and have an
excessively high bail thrown on them and
guarantees them so many things when we
look at it achieve some kind of
beautiful but we will check out the
reality of it we find that nowhere in
America do any of these things exist and
it was not until the nonprofit equates
the poor weights of this society got
together and threatened to start another
war threatened to start another
revolution of George Washington and them
creeps didn't get down and hook up that
bill erased and so the years passed by
and black people remained in the state
of total bondage of total enslavement
1850 rollin around and they said the
Supreme Court now the Supreme Court
plays a very key role in the society
because they are the ultimate
interpreters of the Constitution there's
a misconception that exists in the minds
of many people that the Supreme Court
operates and functions independently of
any outside pressures they're like
supposed to be above and beyond politics
now I don't know how anybody could come
up with an idea like that but a lot of
people think that a lot of people think
that Supreme Court decisions come from
the hand of God they were written from
written by the Almighty of a bar and in
1850 that Supreme Court sat down and
said that any slave who escapes from one
state offer one section of the country
and who goes to another must be returned
that's what they thought about us in
1857 Chief Justice tani of the Supreme
Court of this country handed down a
historic decision that said that black
people a black man has
no rights which a white man is bound to
respect that was back in 1857 and
nothing has changed that situation has
remained the same
now we come up to this creep by the name
of Abraham Lincoln Lincoln said
something that was very hip and we
should all take heed of it
he said you could fool some of the
people some of the time but you can't
fool all the people all the time
[Applause]
[Music]
and Lincoln should have known because he
did a damn good job of fooling four
million black people in this country at
the time that when he sat down I wrote
that Emancipation Proclamation that that
freed us for a million of us went for
that book four million of us that's what
they ran to us in school but when we
check out history where we check it out
we find that Abraham Lincoln did not
sign the Emancipation Proclamation
because he sincerely and honestly felt
that black people should be freed oh no
that's not the reason why that chump
signed that document he signed it out of
political and economic necessity that's
how it came down because we will check
out the history of this country we find
that the South at that time on January
the 1st 1863 when he issued that
document the South was putting fire to
the North's ass he was giving them a
righteous ass whipping abraham lincoln
and the northern generals had to come up
with a scheme that would in fact
diminish the power of the south that
would undermine their military strength
so what did Lincoln did he sat down and
said that all of those states that have
broken away from all from from the Union
and who refused to come back that the
slaves in those states are free now all
we have to do is look at that we see
that that's absolute madness that's
ridiculous because first of all the
states had they had broken away from the
Union the Confederate states now Abraham
Lincoln had no power over those states
so high in the hell could he free slaves
that he had no power over he didn't free
him that it goes on the contradiction
becomes even greater when we check it
out because he said that in those states
those states through had broken away
from the Union but who were coming back
and who would be loyal to the Union they
could keep those slaves they could keep
their slaves so in effect what he did
was he freed those slaves which he
didn't have no power to free and he kept
in slavery those that he did have the
power to free
and it was in fact because of the heroic
effort because of the fighting spirit in
the spirit of sacrifice manifested by
those hundred and eighty-six thousand
black men who fought in the Civil War
laboring under the delusion that by
fighting in laying their blood down for
this country to preserve the Union that
they get some freedom the only reason
why the North won was because of those
black soldiers that's the only reason
and then they came together in Congress
Congress at that time was dominated by
the Republican Party by the Republican
Party Abraham Lincoln was a Republican
at that time the Republicans had a
reputation of being the Liberals they
had the reputation of being the radicals
stadi astadia Stevens and all him all
the funny Tom chumps they were supposed
to be the revolutionaries at that time
but when we check it out a little
further we find that all of the laws the
13th 14th and 15th amendment that were
enacted by Congress and that supposedly
gave black people our freedom that
supposedly gave black people the right
to our citizenship and that supposedly
gave black people the right to vote we
find that none of those laws were passed
as a result of a sincere desire on the
part of the government of this country
to repay to black people what they had
stolen from no none of those reasons
accounted for what they did the main
reason why we got the 13th 14th and 15th
amendment was because at that time the
Republicans were representing the
interests of the northern capitalists of
the Finance ears of the industrialists
and of the bankers they wanted to
control the entire country they wanted
to expand their power they wanted to
move into the West and set up railroads
they wanted to build industries but they
realized in order to do that they would
have to have absolute control of the
government they would have to have
absolute control of the government and
as long as the Southern Democrats were
in power that control was impossible so
what did they do they said we will give
black people the right to vote we make
black people citizens and behind Abraham
Lincoln freeing them and behind Abraham
Lincoln being a Republican then who got
them well the black people would pledge
their allegiance to the Republican Party
and that's what we did that's what we
did they had what they call
reconstruction reconstruction
anyone here today who is under the
delusion that the problems the economic
political and social problems that
afflict black people can be solved by
way of having black representatives
functioning in the traditional political
arena anyone who believes that all you
have to do is look back at
reconstruction black people had what was
called political representation at that
time it didn't get us a goddamn place as
a matter of fact during the
Reconstruction era black people sent two
senators two senators to the to the
Senate and from all places they came
from Mississippi during Reconstruction
there were 20 black representatives to
Congress during Reconstruction there
were blacks who served as associate
judges on the state court there were
blacks who served as mayor's there were
blacks who served as DA's there were
blacks who served as police
commissioners there were blacks who
function on them there every level of of
the local state and federal government
but when but when the ruling class in
this society decided that black people
had outlived their usefulness all they
did was they just squashed it all and
despite all of that so-called political
representation despite all of the
so-called gains that we made doing
reconstruction despite all of that when
the year 1876 roll around and it was
necessary for ruthless would be Hayes
who was all the Republican or candidate
for the presidency at that time when it
was necessary for him to capture the
necessary votes to win that election all
he did was he farmed a deal he made a
deal with the southerners and that ended
reconstruction that's quashed at and the
next day we found ourselves in a worse
trick bag than we were in or during
slavery slavery had been ushered back
upon the stage of American history and
it has remained until this very day
every dealing every formal relationship
that we have had to this society
that applies to black people that
applies to Puerto Rican Americans that
applies to Mexican Americans that
applies to Indians that applies to
Eskimos
that applies to poor whites that applies
to women every dealing that every one of
those groups has had with this
government has resulted in nothing more
than a lot of meaningless promises made
and nothing came of those promises and
the end result was a flim-flam
and more persecution and more oppression
every promise that they've made has only
served a quarter succeeded in the year
eighty ninety six that prestigious in
August body the most powerful judiciary
body in the world the Supreme Court of
the United States sat down handed down a
ruling it was called the Plessy versus
Ferguson decision a brother by the name
of Leslie from down in Louisiana hopped
on a train and he sat in the in the
section that was reserved for whites and
the conductor came along and told him he
had to move because black people could
not sit in that section so class they
took it to court and when it reached the
Supreme Court the Supreme Court ruled
that separate but equal accommodations
were constitutional and were failure
that is known as Jim Crow as Jim Crow in
1954 the Supreme Court supposedly
squashed the Jim Crow law by outlawing
segregated schooling here we are sixteen
years later and over 90% of the black
children in the South still attend
inferior and segregated schooling so
that's how much rhythm we get out of the
Supreme Court that's how much rhythm we
get out of the Constitution that's where
that's at
I've just been fooled too goddamn much
and too goddamn long and their eyes are
opening a veil after veil of illusion
veil after veil has been lifted from
their eyes and now they're standing and
they're taking a cold hard objective
look and what America is all about
they're looking at that flag up there
that they once thought of as being that
are the symbol of freedom justice and
equality they're looking at that flag
now now they don't think of it in those
terms when they look at that flag now
they don't think about freedom justice
and equality they think about slavery
racism oppression and imperialism they
look at that flag now
and on the other end of the social scale
on the other end of the spectrum you
have those whose mentalities are so
perverted and so depraved that they say
you can do anything but just don't spit
at my flag because if you spit at my
flag I'll kill you that's insanity
that's insanity a lot of us are hung up
a lot of us are hung up because we can
only visualize we can only see fascism
in terms of Nazi Germany or fascist
Italy we can only see fascism we can
only think of fascism when we see herds
of stormtroopers rolling down the street
goose-stepping and screaming thunderous
seek house we can only see fascism when
we look up and see a Adolf Hitler we can
only see fascism when we look up and see
a Patito Mussolini and until they see
that a lot of people are going to refuse
to believe that America's fascist well
all I have to say about that is you can
wait for the xik house you can wait for
for the goose steps you can wait for
you're a dog Hitler and by the time they
arrive it'll be too goddamn late because
your ass will have been run into a
concentration town
they don't need no Hitler in this
country
they've gone quite a few better than
Hitler why are we talking about Hitler
that brings to mind a statement that
Hitler once made and I suspect that he
got the idea from America cuz he stood
up and said that if allies told long
enough and strong enough people in time
will begin to believe it
and I'm sure he learned that from
America because America has in fact ran
down the longest and the strongest live
of perpetrated in history the lie that
says America is a free and democratic
society that's the biggest lie of a told
the biggest lie of a told
[Applause]
a lot of people are still talking about
the six million Jews that the Nazis
exterminated and they have forgotten
about the 50 million black people I
don't know how many million Indians I
don't know how many how many million
Mexicans they're still talking about
those six million Jews but they done
just shot over the fact that during the
era of slavery America participated in
the callous and cold-blooded
extermination of 50 million black people
50 million and that was just during the
era of so-called or overt slavery now I
don't know how many more have been
massacred I don't know how many more
have been lynched burned castrated and
murdered since that time up until now I
don't think there's enough numbers to
account for it so we got to stop talking
about what America might do what America
might not do because the fact of the
matter is the issue ain't whether
America would commit genocide the
reality of the situation is that America
has been perpetrating genocide since the
Year 1607 when embraces bandits first
landed on that rock when they first set
foot in Jamestown they've been doing it
since then
[Applause]
we cannot look upon the United States of
America it's simply being a nation the
United States of America is far more
than a nation it is in fact the most
ruthless the most bloodthirsty the most
oppressive
and the most exploitative empire that
has ever existed in the annals of
history the United States of America is
in fact the number one the number one
threat to the continued existence of the
human race we have to understand that
the forces that are presently in control
of this government and a lot of people
think that Richard Nixon is in control
of the government
Richard Nixon ain't in control of the
government Richard Nixon is merely a
glorified functionary and flunky when we
check out America economically we find
that the wealth of America exceeds that
that was had by the Pharaohs of Egypt
the wealth of America is greater than
the wealth of the the Sultan's of
Baghdad is greater than the wealth of of
the Pope in the Vatican and he got 12
billion he got 12 billion that they know
about that they know about you take the
wealth of the Rockefellers which is
estimated at being a 7.5 billion dollars
you take the wealth of the DuPont's
their wealth is estimated at being an
excess of 7 billion dollars you take the
wealth of the Ford family their wealth
is in the billions you take the wealth
of the pews who own your steel you take
the wealth of the Mellon's who own
Chrysler Bethlehem Steel Westinghouse
Electric you name it they own it you
take their combined wealth and put it
together in the Pharaoh's of Egypt the
Sultan's of Baghdad and the Pope of the
Vatican look like welfare recipients
that's what they look like
a so-called great military leader by the
name of Dwight Eisenhower quite a few
years ago saying that we have to watch
out for the military-industrial complex
he was down with starting it and then he
came back and said you got to watch out
for it cuz it's done got out ahead cuz
it's getting out of hand that was quite
a few years ago I think just when he
left office back in 1968 is 1970 now and
we don't have to watch out for it no
more we got to deal with it because it
is in fact the force that controls this
country the power in this country now
firmly rests in the hands of the
Pentagon it is in the Pentagon where all
of the tax that are being perpetrated
against the Black Panther Party and
other progressive and revolutionary
forces in the society and the American
people in general it is in the Pentagon
where all of those activities are being
centrally coordinated and it is there in
the Pentagon's that that are the orders
emanate from is going down in the
Pentagon so we don't have to worry about
them coming to power because they
control the society between the between
the guns of the Pentagon and the wealth
of the ruling families in the society
there exists a plan that is in fact the
most barbaric in the most hideous scheme
ever thought up in human history around
the end of our at the end of the World
War two
they sat down and they dog they dog that
the most wealth the greatest castes
could be made by our doing times of war
during times of war so what did they do
they dedicated themselves to the
proposition that they would keep a wall
going on
somewhere on the planet at all times and
what would they do they would supply the
military needs of those who were
fighting beside military packs with 42
different countries around the world
they have over a million our armed
forces stationed in over 30 countries
around the world they are waging war all
over the world and at the same time
they're going to stand up and tell
people
that they are all over the planet
enslaving exploiting opressing and
dehumanizing people because they want to
make the world safe for democracy and
freedom
anybody who can believe that that's
really why the United States as in the
last five years dropped more bombs on
Laos Cambodia and Vietnam then all of
the bombs dropped during World War two
if they can really think that that is
being done to make the world safe for
freedom and democracy all we can say is
that they are extremely ignorant
extremely ignorant because all we have
to do is look at the world situation
today and we find that from the islands
of the Philippines to the swamps of
Southeast Asia to the tropical jungles
of Africa to the arid deserts of the
Middle East to the Bolivian tin mines to
the cities of South America our own up
into the colonized ghettos of Babylon we
find that all over the world people have
risen up and they're moving like a
mighty tidal wave and they're saying
that it is our duty it is our obligation
to humanity to destroy that very force
which is responsible for the enslavement
of the planet this is what they are
saying
they are saying that whatever must be
done to destroy US imperialism and
capitalism and racism must be done they
are saying that no longer shall the
struggle be waged by way of conducting
it according to the rules and
regulations laid down by the oppressor
they're saying no longer will they
attempt to secure their their human
right to self-determination by by by
doing it according to the way that the
oppressor says it must be done they're
saying now that they will do it by any
means necessary if it means picking up a
gun they pick up the gun this is what
they're saying and the people of Asia
the people of South America the people
of Africa the people all over the world
their eyes are focused on the United
States of America at this time because
they know far better than a lot of us
here in Babylon know that the only force
the only power the only group of people
that are capable of dealing a death blow
to the monster known as America are
those who live right here within the
belly of the beast
Hey
they know that until the righteous
people right here in Babylon begin to
move in a unified and revolutionary
fashion to destroy the society and
create a new society that will not be
based upon the depraved and mad dog'
barbaric ethic of dog-eat-dog chatty cat
you beat me today I'll steal from you
tomorrow and the day after we get
together and sock it to blow Joe uh-uh
they know that in order to create a
society where and people can live in a
harmonious and cooperative fashion with
people if they want to lay up and smoke
some pot and peace they can do that if
they want to lay up and make love they
can do that and they just want to groove
and be cool they can do that if they
want to have all the right to determine
the cost of their own destiny they can
do they got to do that they got to do
that they know they know they know that
in order for any of those conditions to
exist that black people here in America
that Puerto Ricans here in America that
Mexicans here in Americans that Chinese
here in America that Japanese here that
Eskimos that poor whites that women that
all oppressed groups here in America
must unite must move in a revolutionary
fashion must assume are uncompromising
stand must never turn back and must
deliver a deathblow to u.s. imperialism
they know that they know it they know it
power to the people quality people power
to the people power to the people power
to the people power to the people
[Applause]
America is crumbling and falling and
those who in control of the society
realize it they realize that their
empire is on the verge of becoming
extinct we see this happening received
happening in Vietnam and a small
Southeast Asian nation where the people
there have been fighting for over 40
years to gain their liberation and we
see even in the most optimistic
statements made by the administrators of
this society and by the Pentagon even in
their most optimistic statements it's
obvious that America has lost that war
that war is over it's over it's over but
if their one wise they're still fighting
going on they are taking care of
business in their area they're taking
care of business but they're still
fighting going on but the war has been
won why why because here in America here
in America we have not done our job yet
you see that's where that's at and we
have to understand that what confronts
us today in America is this a choice has
been given to us
ultimatum which in effect says you will
submit to you will endorse and you will
not whisper one utterance of displeasure
or disapproval and what is happening in
this society you will endorse murder on
an international level you will endorse
racism capitalism or here in America
they're saying that you will either
endorse those things or you will have to
pick up a gun and get what's yours
America has said to black people America
has said to all those in this country
today who are determined who are
determined to be free they say that if
you want anything more than what America
has historically given you
you gonna have to take it you're gonna
have to take it we say that whenever a
people any people have been enslaved
exploited oppressed dehumanized burn
Lynch castrated and subjected to every
other form of mistreatment conceivable
to the human mind we say that when all
of that has been done to your people
anything that those people do to gain
their freedom and to get that beast up
off their back is justified its
justified and made no mistake about it
anything anything not only is it
justified but it is so defense it is
self-defense a lot of people are
confused about the whole issue of
self-defense and means if a pig moves on
you today and he got a gun and you ain't
got a gun quite simply you ain't in no
position to be dealing with him but it
means you know if he does that at high
noon you're not in a position to deal
with him but come some down come sundown
[Applause]
and the students a dog can desert it and
you go up on that roof
you take your action out and you fix up
your sights and you put your index on
that trigger and you see them and you
pull that trigger our self-defense
that's so perfect that's all it is it's
self-defense its self-defense quite
simply because if you don't get him he's
gonna get you the next day that's why I
self-defense that's why I self-defense
we found that real in a situation where
we are confronted by enemies who have
dedicated themselves to extinguishing us
to killing us to offing us now it balls
down to a simple question of what are
you gonna do about that if you are a
masochist then the answer is quite
simple you will just allow your life to
be snuffed out you will allow them to
kill you and if you make that choice
then history cannot look upon you and
will not look upon you as being a model
but they will look upon you as being a
goddamn food I got down however on the
other hand if you look at your situation
then you say that I have confronted by
our enemy who is trying to kill me and I
want to live the next thing you have to
do is you have to get yourself some
equipment you have to get yourself some
tools to ensure your continued survival
now if your enemy has a three five seven
words are not going to get him up off
your back the only thing that can deal
with that is another three five seven or
another gun it's as simple as that it's
as simple as that the whole issue in
about whether we should be nonviolent
nonviolent the issue goes much deeper
than that
the issue goes to whether we want to
live or we want to die and we are all
here today because we want to live we
want to live that's where that's at
the logic the logic that dictates the
actions of the pigs is so perverted and
so depraved that they think that they
can intimidate people they think that
they can frighten people off by simply
shooting at them shooting them down and
locking them up a period think that they
can use violence to crush and destroy or
the determination of the people to be
free the pigs got to be crazy because in
fact all that they do is when they shoot
down brothers and sisters in cold blood
when they can false conspiracy
indictments and throw righteous brothers
and sisters in jail when they do that in
fact all they do is awaken more people
as to the reality of what's happening in
America with each bullet that they
plunge into the body of a revolutionary
10 more revolutionaries are born every
time this is a very unique situation
that we are in a very unique situation
no way in the pages of any history book
and you find a parallels that you issue
because not only in America do we have
our class struggle against those who
have and those who have not the guts in
the don't have but we also have with
struggles that is manifesting itself
along ethnic lines we also have a
struggle that is manifesting itself
along the lines of sex we also have a
along the lines of age we have a hell of
a struggle going on here a hell of a
struggle a lot of us have what you might
call a fall perspective of our tunnel
perspective we see ourselves as being
black so we think that we're oppressed
and Exploited
exclusively for that reason only because
we're black others are homosexuals and
they think that they are exploited in
oppress only because they're homosexuals
our women think that they are exploited
in oppressed
only because they're women and so on
down the line but when we check out the
situation they also think that their
freedom can only be gotten
by waging it within their own specific
area but when we check out the situation
we found that the same the same beasts
who are exploiting women the same beasts
who are exploiting black people the same
beasts who are exploiting everybody else
in this country you know it's the same
beasts now so we got so we got to answer
this question now if this is the same
forces if it's the same beasts who's
perpetrating all of these inhuman crimes
how can we best overcome that what can
we do about that right on right on I
think everybody agrees on that but we
got to do it collectively we got to do
it together
we got to do it together one of the
tools one of the psychological tricks
that America has used in order to keep
people divided and to keep them from
uniting and forming a common front
against a common enemy is the concept of
individualism of individualism they've
got us thinking that whenever we want
whatever we are like II can be gained by
pursuing it along individual lines but
when we check it out we find that anyone
in this society who is exploited
oppressed and persecuted when they
attempt to correct that situation by
moving along an individual line all that
happens is they get shot down
individually that's all that happens but
on the other hand if we begin moving in
a unified and collective fashion we will
find that the results would be quite
different quite simply because there are
more people than there are pigs
and everybody knows except the pigs and
the pigs north but they don't want to
realize it we know goddamn well that the
spirit of the people is greater than the
pigs technology we know that you know
about you know
and those of us who don't know that the
only way we can get our freedom is by
moving collectively they better sit down
and think about it
they better sit down and think about it
and they better check out a little
history too
in fact they can start by checking out
what happened back in Nazi Germany
because there was a situation wherein
you had sixty-three percent of the
population of poles to Nazi beefs at all
Hitler you had sixty-three percent of
the population but he got in there why
why because the various groups that were
opposed to him were not opposing him in
a unified fashion they had various
political parties and various trade
union parties who were fighting each
other the so-called Communists over
there were fighting associate Democrats
and associate Democrats were fighting
the labor unions everybody was fighting
everybody else and when they looked up
it was January the 30th 1933 and out of
Hitler was the Chancellor of Germany and
it was too late too late too goddamn
late that's what happened that's what
happened we have too many historical
examples to reflect back upon that
clearly tell us what happens when a
people wait too long and when they
refused to bury their individual petty
differences in uniting around the fact
that they are being exploited and
oppressed by by by a common oppressor it
was a more reactionary Spanish
philosopher who says that very hip to
the effect of that are those who don't
learn from history are doomed to repeat
its mistakes and we can't afford to do
that we can't afford to do that because
we have to understand once fat fascism
is a reality in this country now but we
also have to understand that what we're
witnessing now is nothing but a
preliminary bout the main event hasn't
even started yet this is nothing but a
dress rehearsal we ain't seen nothing
yet and every day that we wait every day
that we that we vacillate every day that
we shuck and jive and argue over petty
differences amongst ourselves only
enables our oppressors to tighten up
their hand and to be able to more
effectively exterminate us we don't have
no time to be wasted we don't have no
time to be wasted when we say
seize the time we mean in fact seize the
time seize the time this is what we mean
when we say seize the time we also mean
that if you don't see the time the time
will seize you that's what will happen
that's what will happen the time sees
those people in Germany who said they
were against Hitler it not only did the
time seize them but the time put them in
concentration camps and in gas chambers
the time also seized our 400,000 Jews in
the Warsaw Ghetto because there we have
a very valid historical example there we
have a situation where on one hand out
of Hitler came out point-blank make no
mistake about it he didn't pull no
punches way back in 1925 and mine comes
he told everybody what he was going to
do he told everybody what he was going
to do and he put four hundred thousand
Jews in the Warsaw Ghetto and he told
them that we are going to exterminate
you we are gonna exterminate you and to
prove that he was going to exterminate
them he was shipping them out at the
rate of 10,000 a day 10,000 a day
sending them to extermination camps such
as our switz in that population of
400,000 decimated all the way down to
50,000 until that remaining 50,000
looked around at each other and said
goddamn you know what I think Hitler's
serious he's gonna kill us they waited
too goddamn long that was the problem
they fought heroically the faith that
they put up was a monument was a
testimony to the will of a people to
survive but it still doesn't obviate the
fact that they waited too long now what
we find happening in America today is
that too many people are waiting too
long too many people are waiting for the
concentration camps to be open the
concentration camps are open what you
think Allenwood is that's the
concentration camp they got people in
Allenwood and all reeled out in Oklahoma
that's the concentration camp Avon Park
down in Florida it's the concentration
camp
Thole are in California
Wiccans burg and Florence down there and
arrows
that's the concentration camp the
America even has its own Siberia up in
Alaska they call it el men drop that's
the concentration camp and people are in
those places already and they're still
old people walking around here talking
about well I don't think we got fascism
in this country because I don't see no
concentration camps cuz I don't see no
concentration camp all you have to do is
open up your eyes and look at the black
colony of Harlem look at the black
colony of watts
look at the black colony of North
Philadelphia in rich Temple University
sits in the middle now there are too
many people run around here thinking
that the only place you have political
prisoners are in the so-called
showing-off penitentiary that's bull
issue every man woman and child in this
country who is exploited oppressed and
who has been dehumanized is in fact a
political prisoner that is what they are
that is what they are brother here EP
Newton the Minister of Defense and
supreme commander of the Black Panther
Party put it very eloquently Jack and
very down-to-earth when he made when he
pointed out that the only difference
between San Quentin and Fillmore in San
Francisco the only difference between
Harlem and Sing Sing State Penitentiary
is that one is a maximum-security
penitentiary and the other is a minimum
security penitentiary that's the only
difference that's the only difference
when you look at the guards you know who
drive up and down the streets of our
community you know in blue uniform
during green uniforms or whatever color
uniform they meet well in their
particular city when you look it down
you have to be some kind of brainwashed
or some kind of space doubt or insane to
believe that they are actually there to
protect you because we know they're not
we know they're not when we look at the
police who ride through our communities
we know that they are there for one
reason and one reason only and that is
to guarantee that we don't get out of
our places and if we do get out of our
places the shooters down in cold blood
that's the only reason they're there the
pit and the make sure we stay there
there's no difference between a guard
and San Quentin a pig and San Quentin
and a pig arrives in the police car and
Fillmore there's no difference both of
them are doing the same job before the
same people so there's no difference we
have a situation where
all military in the economic power this
society arrests in the hands of
approximately 500,000 people five
hundred thousand people now there's
something like two hundred and six
million people in this country I think
five hundred thousand is about one fall
for one percent that one fall for one
percent controls about ninety-five
percent of all of the wealth in this
country I would have to say that that
would be that that would be a clear-cut
illustration of of inequality and
unequal distribution
you know that's unequal distribution
whenever you have all the power over
here rustling in the hands of a small
minority and all of the masses of the
people over here they're broke and
wallowing in the muck and mire of
impoverishment and institutions that are
that is a messed up situation that has
to be changed that has to be checked and
that's going to be here that's what we
down here for today
that's what we've come together for
today because we have said to ourselves
and to each other that too long too
goddamn long as this mad that's been
going down and we have to understand
that nobody is gonna stop it but us and
if we are not gonna take the initiative
if we are not going to move in the
direction if we are not going to move to
end right now I bring to a grinding halt
the diesel train of fascism that is
rolling across the line if we don't
derail that train right now look here
come to the end of the 20th century Jack
we ain't gonna be around we ain't gonna
be around we all gonna be dead and if
you think it can't happen all you got to
do is look back through the pages of
history cuz it has happened time and
time again time and time again and we
can't afford to let that happen now so
we are down here today to put our hands
together to put our minds together and
to begin the process of drafting a new
document a new constitution that will in
fact that rule in reality serve as the
legal basis for the society a document
that will transform radically in
revolutionarily this entire society a
document that in the end will result in
the power
placed in the hands of the people when
should have been from Jump Street but
when has never been we are all about
creating a document that will enable our
brothers and sisters everybody in this
society to have gainful employment to
have enough to eat when we check out the
various economic systems existing today
we find that the only one that is
capable of guarantee guarantee gains
from employing our employment the only
one that is capable of guaranteeing that
people will be able to live in homes
that are fit for the shelter of human
beings are the only economic system that
is capable of guarantee guaranteeing the
people the right to determine the cost
of their own destiny and that is capable
of guaranteeing the people the right of
determining what has made hard is made
in hired as distributed is the
socialistic form of government the
socialistic system that's the older car
the only tire and so we see today and
the present system of government is the
exact opposite of what we want the exact
opposite we're gonna take this
constitution that is presently in
existence and we're gonna render it null
and void it ain't no good hey never been
no good we don't need it we got to get
rid of it
that's what that balls-out G we are we
are we're gonna sit down and we're gonna
draw up a document that says if you
constitute 40% of the population or 30%
of the population then you deserve 30%
of the world if you constitute 10% then
you deserve 10% that's what proportional
representation is all about it's not
about a small handful of depraved and
demented Peaks owning everything at the
expense of the people that if it's 30 or
30 percent the population 30% black
people the nation old 30 percent of
Standard Oil they should own 30% of
General Motors they should control 30
percent of the seats in the House of
Representatives and in there are and in
the Senate we're saying that if we're
30% of the population we want 30% of all
the actions America is very uptight
today over the fact that so many people
have guns they don't want people to
because they know that once the people
are all they are then in a position they
are then in a position to move against
those who are oppressing and exploiting
them
why can't bounce a target down wrong in
China if he wanted to because there are
700 million Chinese over there and they
all got guns
they all got gun what is the guarantee
that the brothers and sisters and North
Korea will be properly representative
will all what is the guarantee they have
that are that Kim Seong and the other
brothers over there will not oppress and
exploit them that guarantee is that the
people are all they are on the second
amendment of the constitution of this
country gives everyone a right to bear
arms a right to bear arms but at the
same time the pigs are uptight now they
did then the people are gonna be using
those guns to get their freedom so what
are they talking about they saying you
ain't got no right to bear arms you said
that's it sure we need more than we need
more than arms that are just capable of
holding little babies we don't we we
need more than those kind of arms we
need arms that are capable of emanating
bullets that are capable of plunging
into the body of the prey and demented
beasts all that will kill those pigs
that's the kind of arms we need we need
arms arms arms arms and some more arms
we need as many arms as we can get
because without those arms we're gonna
find our asses in a flame they talk
about black people are getting violent
white radicals are getting violent and
violence is wrong this is what they say
they have confused and befall that issue
to such an extent that a lot of people
are really going for that but we say
that violence manifests itself in a
number of matters we also say that they
are basically and fundamentally when you
get right down to it two forms of
violence there is what return
reactionary violence that is the
violence that is used by the oppressor
to keep the oppressed in a state of
subjugation and enslavement and then
there is revolutionary violence that is
violence that is you
by those who are oppressed and Exploited
for the purpose of getting the old
cursor up off of their backs we say that
the latter form of violence
revolutionary violence is just the
father should be endorsed and should be
indulged in by every man woman and child
who is concerned with freedom and we say
that the formal form of violence
reactionary violence is a crime against
humanity we say that when hair on is
flooded into the black community and
when seven and eight year old black we
are black our boys and girls are die
from oldies we say that that is a form
of violence we say that forcing a people
to live under barbaric and inhuman
conditions where the plaster is falling
off the wall and where little boys and
little girls eat that plaster and in
curved land poisoning which leads to
mental retardation and permanent brain
damage that that's a form of violence we
say that when you go into the store and
you were charged ten times what the item
is really worth that is a form of
violence we say that in beyond the doubt
when the pig rolls up on a black person
or any person in this society and shoots
them down in cold blood that that is a
form of violence and we say that
anything we do to defend ourselves
against that reactionary violence is
justified and that's why we should be
off into that's what that balls down to
create II was gonna get hung up over
whether we gonna be violent or not
because the fact of the matter is we
don't have no choice so we're gonna get
together today and we're gonna put this
thing into motion and the end result of
it it's gonna be a new society not only
is it gonna be a new society but it's
gonna be a new world it's gonna be a new
world and we have to see it in those
terms because the entire fate of mankind
the faith in the destiny of humanity is
dependent upon to a very very large
extent how effectively we do our job
here today and in the following days to
come the fate of humanity rests upon us
all power to the people right our
workshop scheduled for Saturday
afternoon were canceled because of the
late hour when the session concluded
excitement remained high as the
delegates anticipated the arrival of
Huey P Newton the Minister of Defense
and supreme commander of the Black
Panther Party who was scheduled to
deliver his keynote address at 8:00 p.m.
for Huey speech security was
particularly tight in addition to the
registered convention delegates many
people from the philadelphia community
turned out to hear the address and the
crowd swelled to over 15,000 at most
10,000 people could be accommodated in
the university gymnasium and as a result
thousands of people were unable to hear
the Supreme Commander speak virtually
all of the accredited press was excluded
from the hall apparently because of a
mishap in logistical arrangements the
event was broadcast live by the Temple
University radio station wrt I FM
through the courtesy of that station we
were able to present in full the keynote
address by Huey Newton
[Music]
[Applause]
I applaud you because you're all such
beautiful people and the powers with you
and as soon as we realize that we will
make many changes matter of fact will
transform the world the dollar is not
with the Black Panther Party the power
is died within any individual but you
have the power collectively you can move
things you can even move
Bozo and you can also move
[Applause]
today is the occasion for the plenary
session leading up to our Constitutional
Convention this will be the first
People's Revolutionary Constitution
constitutional convention ever held in
this country we did not recognize the
one in 1777 because we know that it did
not represent us it did not represent
the people but in the only represent of
a small ruling circle even at that time
the refuge in the law we look for refuge
in the Constitution but we find them we
find them because we realize that
constitutions have no force we realize
that laws do not shoot bullets people do
we want control of that power that is
able to hurt us and it's really not on
paper that towers and is entrenched and
the ownership of the land and the
institutions there off what we want to
do here tonight is to start to establish
in its institution through which we can
express a revolutionary spirit at this
time there is none we can't find it in
electoral politics we can't find it in
any arena that's been developed by
reactionary races ruling circle so I
shall read to you the preamble to our
Constitution starting out with the
decoration that you're all very familiar
with one of the course of human events
it becomes necessary for one people to
dissolve the political bands which have
connected them with another and to
assume among the powers of the earth the
separate and
station which the laws of nature and
nature's God entitle them a decent
respect to the opinions of mankind
requires that they should declare the
causes which impel them to the
separation we hold these truths to be
self-evident that all men are created
equal that they're bound that they're
endowed by their creator with certain
inalienable rights that among these
rights are life liberty and the pursuit
of happiness that to secure these rights
governments are instituted among men
deriving their just powers from the
consent of the government that's
whenever any form of government becomes
destructive to these things then there's
the right of the people to alter or
abolish to a halt read abolish it and to
institute new government laying its
foundation on such principles and
organizing its powers in such form as
events you see most likely to effect
their safety and happiness
[Applause]
please Indiana dictate the governments
long established should not be changed
for land and transient causes and
accordingly all experience of SIL that
mankind are more disposed to suffer
while evils are sufferable than to right
themselves by abolishing the forms to
which they are custom but what a long
train of abuses and usurpations pursuing
invariably the same object evinces a
design to reduce them under absolute
despotism it is their right it is their
duty to throw off such government and to
provide new guards for their future
security a sufferance have been long and
patient prudence has stayed the spinal
hour where our human dignity and
strength requires we still the boys
prudence
with the cries of our suffering thus we
gather in the spirit of revolutionary
love and friendship for all of oppressed
people of the world regardless of their
race or of the race and doctrine of
their oppressor we gather to proclaim to
the world that for 200 years we have
suffered this long train of abuses and
usurpations while holding to the hope
that this will past we recognize however
that it has not fast and were people who
enjoy no equal protection of the law no
due process of the law and our future
action must be guided by our sufferance
not by a prudent
two centuries ago when the United States
was a new nation conceived in Liberty
and dedicated to life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness the conditions
prevail in the nation and the Assumption
on witches foundation were built was
such that they ensure that the United
States would come to its maturity on the
circumstances which mean that for
substantial proportion of citizens life
is nothing more than a living dead
liberty is nothing more than a prison of
poverty and the only happiness we enjoy
is laughing to keep them crack
[Applause]
the United States of America was born at
a time when the nation covered
relatively little and a narrow strip of
political division of the eastern
seaboard the United States of America
was born under time when the population
was small and fairly homogeneous both
racially and culturally thus the people
called Americans were different people
in a different place furthermore they
had a different economic system the
small population and the fertile lands
available amendment with the
agricultural emphasis of the economy
people were able to advance according to
their motivation and ability it was an
agricultural economy and with the
circumstance surrounding a democratic
capitalism flourished in the new nation
the following years wants to see this
new nation gradually develop into a
giant the new nation a quiet land and
spread from a narrow strip on the
eastern seaboard to cover the entire
continent but with a few exceptions the
new nation acquired population to fill
this newly acquired land a population
was drawn from the continents of Africa
Asia Europe and South America thus the
nation conceived by a homogeneous people
of a small number and of a small area
grew into a nation of a heterogeneous
people comprise a large number and
spread across the entire continent this
change in the fundamental
characteristics of the nation and his
people substantially change the nature
of American society
furthermore the social change is marked
by economic changes a rural and
agricultural economy became a carbon and
industrialized economy as farming was
replaced by manufacturing the democratic
capitalism of early days became caught
up in a relentless drive to obtain
profits and more profits until the
selfish motivation for profits it
clipped the unselfish principles of
democracy thus 200 years later we have
older over developed economy which is so
infused with the median price
we have replaced democratic capitalism
with bureaucratic capitalism
the free opportunity of all men to
pursue their economic ends have been
replaced by constraints placed for
Americans by large corporations whose
control and to direct our economy they
have sought to increase their profits at
the expense of people and particularly
at the expense of racial and ethnic
minorities the history of the United
States has distinguished from the
promise of the idea of the United States
leads us to conclusion that our
suffering is basic to the functioning of
the government of the United States we
see we see this when we know that basic
contradictions found in the history of
this nation the government the social
conditions of legal documents which
brought freedom from oppression which
brought human dignity human rights to
one portion of my people of this nation
an entirely opposite consequences for
another portion of the people while the
majority group achieved the basic human
rights the MacGuffin the minority
achieved alienation of the lands of the
fathers of slavery the evidence from
this is clear and in contrary we find
evidence for majority freedom and minora
to oppression and the fact that the
expansion of the United States
government and the acquisition of land
was that the unjust expense of the
American Indians the original possession
of the land and still it's legitimate
heirs
[Applause]
long marks of a Cherokee on a trail of
tears and the actual disappearance of
many other Indian nations testified to
the unwillingness and inability of this
government and this government's
Constitution to incorporate racial
minorities we might have a desk for
majority freedom and minority oppression
and the fact that even while the early
settlers were reclaiming their freedom
they were deliberately and
systematically depriving Africans of
their freedom these basic contradiction
was further aggravated by acts which
implicitly admitted that the majority
was wrong but unwilling to do right thus
when the Declaration of Independence was
drafted the founding fathers struck all
mention of the slave trades thus when
the United States Constitution was
drafted the founding fathers considered
the slaves as it is equivalent to 3/5 of
a man thus when the slaves were
emancipated the descendants of the
founding fathers compromised that
freedom to gain further territory these
compromises were so basic to the
thinking of the forebears that legal
attempts to correct the contradictions
through constitutional amendments and
civil right laws have produced no change
in our conditions and we're still the
people without even protection and due
process of law
[Applause]
we recognize that that the oppressive
max of the United States government when
contrasted with the Testaments of
freedom carries far the basic
contradiction found on all the legal
documents upon which this government is
based generation after generation of the
majority group have been born they have
were and they have seen the fruits of
their labor in the life liberty and
happiness of their children and
grandchildren generation after
generation of black people at America
have been born to have work and they
have seen the fruits of their labors in
the life liberty and happiness of
children and grandchildren of the
oppressor while their own descendants
wallow in the mire of poverty
deprivation holding only to the hope of
change in the future
the hope is sustain us for many years
have led us to suffer the administration
of a corrupt government at the dawn of
the 20th century this hope led us to
formulate a civil rights a civil rights
movement and the belief that the
government would eventually fulfill his
promise to black people we did not
recognize however than any attempts to
complete the promise of the 18th century
revolution in the framework of a twitter
central government economy and society
was doomed to failure the descendants of
that small company of original settlers
of this land are not among the common
people of today they have become a small
ruling class and control of a worldwide
economic system the Constitution set up
by their ancestors to serve the people
no longer serves the people for the
people of change the people in the
eighteenth century have become the
ruling circle of the 20th century and
the people under 20
or the Centers of the slaves and the
dispossessed of 18th century the
Constitution set up to serve the people
of the 18th century now serves ruling
circle of the 20th century and the
people of today stand wanted for a
foundation for their own life liberty
and pursuit of happiness the civil
rights movement is not produces
foundation and it cannot produce its
foundation because of the nature of the
United States society and the economy
the version of the civil rights movement
the vision of a civil right movement is
to achieve goals which have been altered
by 200 years of change
thus the civil rights movement similar
movements have produced no foundation
for life liberty the pursuit of
happiness they're producing only 80
programs of welfare and unemployment
compensation programs with sufficient
form to deceive the people but with
insufficient substance to change the
fundamental distribution of power and
resources in this country
moreover while the movements attempt to
get minorities of the system we know
that the government continues this
pattern of practice which contradicts
systemic democratic rhetoric we
recognize now that we see history
repeating itself but on an international
as well as a national scale the
relentless triumphant profit led this
nation to colonize oppress and exploit
its minorities this profit drive took
this nation from of domestic rata
capitalism and under development to
bureaucratic capitalism and over
development now we see the small root
server continues his profit drive by
oppressed and Exploited the people of
the world throughout the world the
proletariat is Christ so that the
prophecies of the American industry can
continue to flow throughout the world
the freedom struggle of oppressed people
are opposed by this government because
there are threat to the bureaucratic
capitalism the United States of America
we gather here to let it be known at
home and abroad that a nation conceived
in Liberty and dedicated to life liberty
and the pursuit of happiness has in this
mature to become an imperialistic power
dedicated to death oppression and a
pursuit of profits we would not be
deceived by so many of our fellow men we
would not be blinded by small changes
its form it's likely to change the
substance of the imperialist expansion I
suffering it's been too long I
sacrificed the mid-to dream and I human
dignity is too strong for us to beat
rooted any longer the Black Panther
Party calls for freedom and power to
determine our destiny the Black Panther
Party calls for full employment for all
our people the Black Panther Party calls
for an end to the capitalistic
exploitation of our community Black
Panther Party calls for decent housing
for all people the Black Panther Party
calls for an educational system that
will tell us the true facts about this
decadent society
the Black Panther Party calls for
exemption from military service the
Black Panther Party calls for an end to
police brutality Black Panther Party
calls for freedom for all political
prisoners and Tristan's war
like many party calls for trials by
members of my peers when we're brought
to the court and justice the Black
Panther Party calls for a United Nation
clevis aid to determine the will of
black people as to their national
destiny black people and oppressed
people in general have lost faith and
leaders of America and the government of
America and the very structure of
American government that is the
constituting this legal foundation this
loss of faith is based upon the
overwhelming evidence that this
government will not live according to
the Constitution because the
Constitution is not designed for its
people for this reason we assemble
constitutional convention to consider
rational and positive alternatives
alternatives which will place the
emphasis on the common man alternatives
which will bring about a new economic
system in which the rewards as well as
the work would be equally shared by all
people a socialist framework alternative
switch to guarantee that within the
social strain work all groups will be
adequately represented and
decision-making and administration which
affects their lives
[Applause]
alternatives which would guarantee that
all men will obtain the full man who the
great that they will be able to live be
free and seek out those goals which will
give them respect and dignity while
permitting the same privileges for every
other man regardless of this condition
they're stainless the sacredness of man
and of the human spirit were classed as
human dignity and integrity ought to
always be respected by every other man
whose self or nothing lasts for at this
point in history anything less is but a
living death we're here to say to this
government of the United States that we
will be free and we're here to our Dane
a new constitution which will ensure our
freedom thanks raining the dignity of
the human spirit
the people here tonight are responsible
for the release of a 15 community
members abused and mistreated by bozo
and we should say when any one of you
when any one of you is abused and we
should consider it an abuse of all of us
we also like to say that we feel it is
criminal for when people to reduce some
other people to such a level that they
could only express their political
grievances through violence we say that
the man who stripped us of life of our
community and of our institutions and of
our family relationships
the man who stripped us of our human
dignity my slavery he is the man who's
responsible for the battles
is the same man who's now attempting to
strip all other third world people of
the dignity and of their wealth through
stripping their nations of their natural
resource to the north to feed the
monster factories here in North America
[Applause]
we notice when these people of the third
world you self-defense then the
oppressor says he doesn't understand why
I planned they're so bad
[Applause]
the fact is that the people are never
fired that the violence is only related
to aggression self-defense is related to
oppression so we will like for this city
to know the government of the city to
know and also the government of the
United States to know that we will not
tolerate any longer the abuse that we've
tolerated for many years
[Applause]
it is a fact that we will get changed we
will transform the society it is not to
be oppressor to decide whether this will
be a peaceful thing
[Music]
we will use whatever we will use
whatever means that is effective
regardless of the consequence because it
is our conclusion and our principle that
a slave who dies a natural death will
not balance two dead flies on the scales
of eternity
when you will have our manhood even if
we have to level the face of the earth
so I would like to say that we are one
tonight let us be one in the future
power to all of the
[Applause]
while Huey spoke inside the crowds
outside we're told that he would appear
at 10:30 p.m. at the Church of the
Advocate as a result that evening
several thousand people jammed the
streets surrounding the Church in the
heart of North Philadelphia many people
waited as long as two hours to get a
glimpse of the Supreme Commander
but Huey never arrived the Panthers
explained that the crowd in the streets
posed too great a security risk
meanwhile splinter groups organized a
few fragmentary marches through the
streets some led by groups of Bongo and
conga players one group considered
marching through downtown Philadelphia
to City Hall several miles away the
Panther is using public address
equipment in the vicinity of the church
reminded the crowd that the convention
was called to draft the Constitution not
for street demonstrations in a panther
statement the next morning the street
demonstrations were blamed on cultural
nationalist provocateurs after it was
announced that Huey would not be able to
visit the church the crowd peacefully
disbanded Sunday afternoon over a dozen
workshops were held each one
concentrating on one political issue
that demanded attention in the new
constitution workshops were devoted to
self-determination for national
minorities self-determination for women
self-determination for homosexuals
self-determination for street people
control and use of the military control
and use of the educational system
control and use of the land distribution
of political power and internationalism
among others at the final mass meeting
of the plenary session on Sunday night
reports from each of the workshops were
read to the assembled delegates and most
of the reports were received
enthusiastically with little dissension
or disagreement expressed the reports
were not in the form of articles for the
new constitution but rather were
recommendations and proposals for the
documents content
when it is drafted in final form later
this year here are excerpts from the
workshop reports recorded in the
convention hall a national policy should
be determined to minimize the
exploitation of power resources within a
given region a balance must be preserved
between wild areas recreation areas
agriculture industry and urban
concentration things taken from the
earth should be recycled either back
into the earth or into other useable
things present political boundaries such
as States municipalities and the like
will be abolished and replaced by a
number and I should say an indeterminate
number of autonomous continuously
evolving self-governing communities from
which power will flow upward all offices
will be elected and the people's right
of recall is sacred all special
privileges are forbidden leaders will
receive no special prerogatives there
will be no compulsory servitude or
domination of one group quite another
since correct information is basic to
the political process the people will
have unrestricted access to the media
the people will police and defend
themselves which means community control
of the police and army the people are
capable of defining their own needs they
will define those needs in workers
councils community councils and a
National Economic Council which will
draw up a coordinated economic plan
which will rationalize and integrate all
local production in the country there
must be a prompt inventory of all
production to determine that which is
socially useful and that which is
repetitive or useless the People's
Government will enter into economic
relations with the revolutionary
governments of the third world relations
which are based on justice and whose
purpose will be to share the world's
wealth with all the peoples the workers
will control the actual process of
production in the factory they will
decide how to achieve the norms of the
central economic planning committee
firing workers will not
used to get rid of them since that would
just send them to another sector of our
socialist economy our priority should be
to work with the individual and to
re-educate him to become a contributing
member of our new society the special
rights of small entrepreneurs skilled
craftsmen etc should be respected they
will be allowed to continue in the
pursuit of their livelihood as long as
they do not exploit others the
Constitution should guarantee employment
for everyone and an opportunity for all
perks people to learn a productive skill
leaders must engage in factory or
similar works special compensation and
status will be afforded to workers in
difficult dirty or especially boring
jobs the workers have the right to shut
down or change any operation which they
feel is unsafe all workers will be
guaranteed free housing free
transportation free medical care free
child care and free education in
conclusion workers must be armed and
organized to protect their social game
really Gallade for the people such liars
etc all people will be provided with the
kind of schooling they desire and needs
all levels of schooling will be provided
free by the government schooling must be
non competitive and non-competitive we
recognize the hard drugs
SMAC speed etc are kind of revolutionary
seller of hard drugs must be educated or
eradicated from the community by any
means necessary the user must be helped
to rid himself of addiction by the
people we earn sitting up people
rehabilitation centers by the people we
recognize a psychedelic drug such as
acid and mescaline and grass are
instrumental in developing the
revolutionary conscience of people
[Applause]
however after this revolutionary
consciousness has been achieved these
drugs may become a burden no
revolutionary actions should be
attempted while under the inner floor
the influence of any drug we urge that
these drugs be made legal that is there
should be no law against their use
the convention began to disband on
Sunday night but there were enough
delegates left on Monday afternoon to
hold a meeting in the Church of the
Advocate attended by about a thousand
people to discuss additional issues and
proposals for the new constitution and
to decide tentatively on a site for the
actual Constitutional Convention
ratifying session which is scheduled for
November 4th Election Day the groups
tentatively decide to reconvene in
Washington DC on November 4
revolutionary people's constitutional
convention plenary session accomplished
most of what it set out to do it
assembled hundreds of proposals for a
new American Constitution aimed at
eliminating oppression and instituting a
socialist government but beyond that it
provided an opportunity for
revolutionaries of all stripes blacks
and whites men and women homosexuals and
heterosexuals foreign and domestic to
unite in a common effort to achieve
social change and it demonstrated that
the revolutionary movement in America
has become strong enough to openly
assemble thousands of its followers in a
major city and to defend itself against
threats from its adversaries this is
Bruce solloway reporting